Are you manually copy-pasting text into ChatGPT to analyze your data?
Instead, try MOL!
MOL is an R and Python package that brings the power of large language models directly
into your data science flow.
Instead of jumping between tabs, you can now run NLP operations like sentiment analysis,
summarization, and translation directly on your Data Frames.
The package works row-wise, so you can process thousands of entries with just a single line
of code.
You can run those locally, via Olama, or connect to legacy providers like OpenAI.
And if you use the tidy version R or Polars in Python, MOL fits your existing pipelines
with easy to see-to-use Python functions.
Try MOL today!